HOW TO USE LIBANY2UNI
---------------------

Please read INSTALL for installation guidance.

To use the library, you have to include <userInterface.h>.
Then, compile using -lany2uni.
There are 3 steps when you use the library to extract text from a document :

1° Open the document:
---------------------
This is made by calling the function openDocument(). You have to declare
a doc_descriptor structure first.
You can open several documents at the same time (use one doc_descriptor for
each document).

2° Read the document:
---------------------
You must initialize a destination buffer large enough to receive the
UTF-16 data (2 * INTERNAL_BUFSIZE, which is 10000 bytes). You can then use the
read-content() function which get the next paragraph of the document (or if
the paragraph is to long, it will only read enough text to fill the target
buffer. The next call to read_content() will get the rest of the paragraph).
Read_content() returns the number of 2 bytes characters in the target buffer.
When the end of document is reached, it return NO_MORE_DATA (-1).

You can use the read_meta() function to get metadata. However, for some
document formats, you are not sure to get all metadata before reading the
whole document. Metadata will be stored in a meta structure that you have
initialized before. Do not forget to free its content (name and value)
before using the structure again.

At any time, you can use the getProgression() function to get an idea of your
progression in reading the document. It returns the approximative percentage
of the document that have been read. You can also consult the doc_descriptor
structure to get the current paragraph number and, if they are known, the
current page number and the total number of pages. The total number of pages
will be equal to -1 if it is unknown, and the current page will remain 0.


3° Close the document:
----------------------
When you have finished with the document, you have to close it using the
closeDocument() function. You must do it in order to free all allocated
resources and to unload the plugin.



